# Ikigai-no-Kiseki
GMD1 Semester Project

Blog 1 

The day is 18/02/2024. I have finished the Roll-a-Ball tutorial, and have implemented a few extra features. However, most of them were learning about the usage of Free Assets, and making basic scripts like randomly generating trees and other nature structures, adding a skybox of sorts, and making a dynamic camera. 
Overall, this is my 2nd time playing around with Unity, as the first one was 1 year ago when I bought a course in Udemy, though I ended up not finishing it due to not finding time at the time. As such, it didn't feel so weird seeing how things worked, since I had already some kind of experience with the very basics.
Now taking all this information into context, and also remembering the fact that the final game project is to be made for an arcade, I have come up with 2 game ideas:
- Unethical Dario: Super Mario but full of dark humor, the idea would be a normal 2d platformer where we could choose between some "Dario's" characters, each based on countries, having their Pros and Cons (Example: American Dario, when getting the Star would get a Minigun, usual way to kill mobs is with a Glock-9), Mushrooms would make Dario get drugged and start seeing inverse with a rainbow filter on, The star would change the effect depending on each version of Dario, and the idea is that Dario is trying to save humans by trying to conquer the Planet of Coombas (in a proper colonizer fashion way kind of joke).
- Ikigai no Kiseki: A more serious take on the game, being this a 2d Arcade Fighter with a story to follow using Video Novels type of history. The main uniqueness of the game would be an attempt at making 2d textures on 3d characters, with your usual fighting system where each character has a skillset, possibly a different hitbox, an animated entrance and fatality, and so on.
I decided to go ahead with Ikigai no Kiseki since I feel like I'd be more invested in making a serious kind of game rather than a joke kind of game. The only reason why I only take these 2 ideas is because I feel like to produce a good game, you must first like the game. After watching the videos of the past student projects, all of them, I felt like most of the games lacked any kind of love behind them, probably because it is a university project rather than an actual world project, but I would like to attempt to use mine as an actual steam release in the future. As such, from another point of view, Unethical Dario would be a fun game to play but realistically would possibly get me involved in problems, while Ikigai no Kiseki would be completely fine.
